I will come back on this video we will learn how to use array functions just like string functions array
functions are very useful and they are pre-defined by BHB.
Now you can't you can make your own array functions but that would be up to you.
It would be actually a lot more work than coming here and finding an array function that would suit
your needs.
I think it's very possible that you will find any type of fun array functions here already predefined
for you to use.
All right so let's go ahead and make one and I'm just going to make an array first of all because we're
going to be using an array function.
Let's just set it to some variables.
Let's just use the new
language.
Right.
So new BHB instead of the array old parentheses there.
And then I just put some values there and just going to use the code used to echo some of the values
for that function.
So what I want to do is echo the mats and going to use this function call Mad's.
This is for a
for an array.
So if I click here I should see the result right here.
All right.
Four hundred and fifty three is the Mets value right here.
Now keep in mind now that I am if this is the end that you're exercising of course exercise fous is
on May 28.
On the score array.
Now I started numbering there so that way you can know exactly where you are.
Now you can if you are if you have your own folder.
Make a file called from blank that BHP make a file called array underscore functions that BHP.
OK so do that.
Let me show you another one real quick and then we're going to go over on the website and show you where
they are.
So is going to do a space here and there and then another echo here and this one is the opposite of
Matt's minimum.
See is the minimal value right here 23.
Let's do another one.
This song is actually very useful and we will be always using a function like this is going to be something
like print are or it's going to be printer and you can see the whole array right there with all the
keys and values in there.
But we're going to do something before that you see that before before we actually lackwit it out.
You see though they are different numbers and different browsers you've got the small ones here and
I mean this is disorganize we're going to sort this thing order.
I'm going to use a function call sort so we can do something like this sort very small function right.
Look at that.
Now we sort everything out here.
We started with the lowest number one to the largest.
All right.
Now does this pre-the five functions are really super useful you don't understand how much time they
save us when we are developing.
So if you go to the Web site on PSAP that net for a slash manual for slashy and ref for less ref array
than you can find all of them here.
Another way of looking for these is you go to Google and just type in if you don't want it just go ahead
and type all this.
I go inside DHP rate functions ref R E F and you will find the rest of them you will find this page
right.
If you click on it you will find options here.
I mean you will find examples and how to use them better.
All right.
So anyway thank you so much for watching this and I'll see you in the next story.
Take care.